My top reasons for applying Edinburgh
were because I loved the vibe of the city.
It's a very vibrant city
and it's super accepting and welcoming
and the community feel in Edinburgh
is really strong and I really love that.
Additionally, the course I do is pretty
niche so my options were kind of limited.
But I knew Edinburgh was the place
I definitely wanted live and study.
And finally,
Edinburgh is a Russell Group university
and I knew
I wanted study at a top University
because it offers me
with brilliant research opportunities
that I wouldn't
necessarily get at other universities.
My top three reasons
for applying Edinburgh are
the high quality of education
offered, the diversity,
the welcoming student community
and the numerous opportunities
get involved
inextracurricular activities.
So the reasons I chose Edinburgh over
my other offers
was because firstly it’s
a very academically prestigious uni.
I thought it would
look good for future employment prospects.
Secondly,
it's a lovely city, there’s so much do.
Thirdly, I live near London at home
and I just wanted a change of scenery and
experience a different kind of culture
which I felt like Edinburgh offers.
I fell in love with Edinburgh
the moment I stepped off the train
at Waverley train station.
It just so happened
that we pulled in at the exact
right moment and the weather was perfect,
and I remember walking down Princes
Street the hotel where I was staying
and watching this gorgeous,
gorgeous sunset over the Edinburgh Castle,
and I just knew that I wanted be here.
And then I went the open day
the next day, and it was gorgeous.
I loved the campus,
I loved the test lecture.
It was just brilliant.
And I, I knew in that moment
that this is where I want spend
the next four years of my life.
So Edinburgh, in three words for me,
would be wholesome,
welcoming and motivating.
Historic, mysterious and charming.
Buzzing, idyllic,
and enriching.
Historic, diverse and accepting.
Vibrant, beautiful
and cold.
My three favourite places in Edinburgh
would be the Meadows because it’s a lovely
green open space, very picturesque.
Secondly, it would be Portobello Beach
because it just makes you feel, apart
from in the winter, iin the summer
it makes you feel like you're on holiday.
And thirdly, Princes Street,
just because it's a bustling city vibe.
And I think those three places
kind of really define Edinburgh.
My top three places hang out with
my friends would be one The Meadows,
because it's so close the university
and it has such a good, clean environment.
You could always go there,
sit by a tree, read a book, play Frisbee
with your friends. It is so much fun.
And my second place would be Teviot
because it's right
at the university campus.
And sometimes you just want take
a break of your studies and just go there,
sit, have a drink with your friends.
You could also study there because it has
an amphitheatre there, which is very new.
And my third place would be
Princes Street
because sometimes I like going there,
especially during Christmas times
when they have the Christmas market.
It's just really good go
hang out with your friends there.
I love that Edinburgh is a capital city
that isn't actually too big.
It combines all of the wonderful things
like having loads of things do,
the museums, the galleries,
the shops, the restaurants, the cafés
and yet you don’t really get lost
because it does still feel quite small.
And I think that Edinburgh is the perfect
combination of those two things
I love the mix of old
and new in Edinburgh.
The city is home centuries
old landmarks and a vibrant,
bustling atmosphere
full of energy and life.
That is something I really love
about Edinburgh.
It is truly unique and a very special city
and it'll always be close my heart.
What I love most about Edinburgh is 100%
the nature.
There is so many opportunities
here around Edinburgh
explore, hike, camp, boulder.
It's amazing.
Only 30 minutes of transport
and you're in on a beautiful coastline
in the Pentland and the Cairngorms
in a forest in Dalkeith and an old abbey.
It's really amazing.
I've been here four years
and I've never run out of weekend
or day trips around Edinburgh
and in the nature,
and I think that's really, really amazing.
The weather in Edinburgh is unpredictable.
Coming from a tropical country,
I think Edinburgh is cold
and it can be windy and it can be rainy.
The best thing that you can do
is be prepared for any kind of weather.
If you want experience
all four seasons in one day.
I think Edinburgh is the city for it.
So contrary common opinion,
I really think Edinburgh is very sunny.
Don't be put off by all those rumours
that it rains all the time.
Honestly, it's always the perfect weather
go on a hike
explore the nature around Edinburgh,
and if it does rain a bit,
I think it creates a really cool,
misty vibe
where you just want go and sit
in a café and be at home with a hot
chocolate and it really doesn't hurt
have a bit of rain once in a while.